README.md, before:

# Awesome Whiteboard-less Interviews
A curated list of awesome companies that test developer skills without whiteboard coding interviews! :sparkles:

Inspired by [Awesome Remote Job](https://github.com/lukasz-madon/awesome-remote-job) and the rest of the [Awesome Lists](https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome).

## What is a whiteboard coding interview?
A whiteboard interview is a style of interview a lot of companies use to test a developer's technical skill: solving programming problems in front of their interviewer(s), by writing code or pseudo-code (often on a literal whiteboard or blackboard, but this can be done over videoconferencing now too). These problems often test a developer's knowledge of algorithms, though they might also try to test something closer to "day-to-day" work.

## Why might someone want to find a company that doesn't do them?
https://medium.freecodecamp.com/why-is-hiring-broken-it-starts-at-the-whiteboard-34b088e5a5db#.cp86wc4mo

## List of Companies
- [Patreon](https://www.patreon.com/): _Crowdfunding site for artists and creators._ Pair programming and collaborative problem solving.
- [Pivotal Labs](https://pivotal.io/labs): _Collaborative, agile software consultancy._ Day of pair programming.
- [Slack](https://slack.com/): _A messaging app for amazing teams._ Take-home exercise, and in-person technical architecture challenge.
- [TWG](https://twg.io): _We build software solutions for enterprises and startups._ Talk through a sample project focusing on problem solving instead of memorization.

Commit message:

Add Slalom to the list of companies

README.md, after:

# Awesome Whiteboard-less Interviews
A curated list of awesome companies that test developer skills without whiteboard coding interviews! :sparkles:

Inspired by [Awesome Remote Job](https://github.com/lukasz-madon/awesome-remote-job) and the rest of the [Awesome Lists](https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome).

## What is a whiteboard coding interview?
A whiteboard interview is a style of interview a lot of companies use to test a developer's technical skill: solving programming problems in front of their interviewer(s), by writing code or pseudo-code (often on a literal whiteboard or blackboard, but this can be done over videoconferencing now too). These problems often test a developer's knowledge of algorithms, though they might also try to test something closer to "day-to-day" work.

## Why might someone want to find a company that doesn't do them?
https://medium.freecodecamp.com/why-is-hiring-broken-it-starts-at-the-whiteboard-34b088e5a5db#.cp86wc4mo

## List of Companies
- [Patreon](https://www.patreon.com/): _Crowdfunding site for artists and creators._ Pair programming and collaborative problem solving.
- [Pivotal Labs](https://pivotal.io/labs): _Collaborative, agile software consultancy._ Day of pair programming.
- [Slalom](https://www.slalom.com/): _Consulting company with local offices to their clients, reducing consultants' commutes and travel_ "Explain this code" screenshare questions and a take home project.
- [Slack](https://slack.com/): _A messaging app for amazing teams._ Take-home exercise, and in-person technical architecture challenge.
- [TWG](https://twg.io): _We build software solutions for enterprises and startups._ Talk through a sample project focusing on problem solving instead of memorization.
